everybody Sean hansel get lean and 12
welcome back in the short fat burning
presentation I'm going to reveal why low
carb diets do not work and why
ninety-seven percent of people who try a
little car planking all or more their
way back within one year of losing it
now i'm also going to reveal how you can
actually have a good happy hour on
friday cheat on saturday or sunday and
force your body to be a fat burner the
other four or five days of the week now
i got these strategies and knowledge
from my former good friend and former
business partner New York Times
bestselling author onee-chan now
unfortunately Wendy's no longer with us
but we're here to pass along her
life-changing message so pay close
attention because it didn't change the
way you approach fat loss forever up
here I'm going to draw a picture of your
body now I know this looks kind of funny
it's a square but hang with me here
because it's a really end up making
sense now right here is the inside of
your body and here's where you have
things like bone tissue organs and other
things oh here is the outside of your
body and this is where you store that
ugly word fat the ugly body fat now here
is your storage tank or what we call
your glycogen taking like it is just a
fancy word for the stored energy that we
have in our bodies particularly from the
carbohydrates that we eat this is where
carbohydrate intake comes into play see
over time ninety percent of the
population starts consuming carbs and
they don't burn them off as fast as they
consume them and they end up filling up
their tank now every time you consume a
meal you fall victim to that dreaded fat
spillover now this is what you want to
avoid is fat spillover so this is where
the low carb crutch came into play
because now that you're up here every
time you eat you start storing more fat
because you're falling victim to pass
below or so then you go low cut up now
listen closely for every gram of car do
you eat your body holds on those three
grams of water okay so now if you start
going low carb you start draining out
your tank slowly in losing weight on the
scale what are you really losing you're
losing water weight until you get your
glycogen tank all the way
here so that it's empty and now you can
go over here to the fat store and find
and burn that ugly body fat that you
want to get rid of so this is where the
low-carb crux comes into play because as
you get down here and you try to stay
down here two crucial things happen that
you must avoid number one your thyroid
dies and slows down and it's one of the
master glands the metabolism so your
body will actually black fat loss number
two there is no fun down here everybody
you don't pizza there's no beer there's
no wine there's no cheesecake there's no
cheap food down here so here's the
secret what you want to do is you want
to live life so that you never cross
this line of fat spillover and you live
right in here with a fat burning good
life is and then a couple times of the
week using something we call macro
patterning you want to come down here to
the fat store and program your body to
come over here three or four times a
week and find and feed on body fat so
that way you can still live life and
enjoy all your favorite foods now so if
you like this video you'll absolutely
love the five bizarre tricks and super
efficient tactics that were recorded for
you on our free audio CD all you have to
do is head on over to lean for life
coaching calm right now and claim your
copy of your free CD wet supplies last
and if you get over there right now
you're also going to see you'll be able
to take advantage of a bunch of free
bonuses while you wait for your CD to
arrive in the mail and will even give
you this report right here that you see
called get lean and 12 cardio revealed
and this is where I explain all the
science behind why our 12 minute bursts
workouts are so powerful and then we
even give you access to a underground
video the last video ever filmed with
Wendy chant before she passed away I was
fortunate enough to interview her about
the seven-day diet and about the macro
patterning that I just explained in this
short video so thanks for watching this
head on over to lean for life coaching
calm and we'll see you guys on the other
side